your mafia first of all congratulations
to another win thank you
what can you say about the game whoa
it's a rough game well we played pretty
well but the opponent the prunus they
were pretty well pretty good also but I
think we we have to learn how to play
when we are leading by one goal at the
end so but it was a good win but I'm
still a little bit disappointed that we
didn't get all the three points describe
the last goal the game-winning goal I
mean I think a lot of people were was
expecting what he's gonna shoot but you
didn't
oh I was too tired for that shot so I
got so many chances today I just saw
that
the sun'll I think he came from the
bench so he was wide open there so I
just try try to make a good pass there
and that's good that his court you
personally had a lot of chances to score
your first goal yeah again well we won
that's the most important thing so I am
pretty confident that the goals will
come the first time you played was
against collectio up there and now it's
another team you're playing in it's a
big difference but what have happened
what has happened no maybe that was a
good wake-up call for us hey we lost six
to nothing so I think that was down the
bottom so we talked after that game and
I think we're doing pretty well now and
we're hurricane is getting better all
the time
what were your first thoughts when we
were playing up there thinking what is
this because now you can see it's it's a
different team well that was pretty
pretty bad first game bad I knew I was I
was talking with the coach and with the
guys before I came here I knew that they
got a lot of like one called
losses so it's just it was just the one
game I like I said after the game like
it doesn't matter do we lose like ten to
nothing or 1 to nothing the selector was
really good in that game and we were
really bad so we we had only one way
after that game how do you feel now
after a couple of games your condition
well it's getting better definitely it's
getting better it's just like hard hard
because I haven't played in six or seven
months so it's it's gonna take a little
time more more time but it's getting
better all the time
your line is working good yeah yeah we
are playing really well we played we
played really well with with yukti also
but
yeah it's good thank you